README.md, before:

# Polistates
Polistates is a strategy game being developed as part of our Drew University Computer Science capstone project
 for Spring of 2020. Our client is a professor in the Political Science department, as the game will be used to reinforce International Relations concepts.

## Continuing this project
This project is intended to be worked on by multiple teams over the course of multiple semesters as this project is too ambitous to be finished in 3 months while the team is taking other classes. Detailed below is setup intructions and advice for future teams working on this project.

### Workspace Setup

Clone this repository

then execute the command

node app.js

The page should be running on localhost:3000

This project is optomized for Heroku if you want to put it on the internet

### What we accomplished

### Suggestions for the next team

#### New Features

Add additional scenarios (Below are some possible examples)
	- Climate Change (Natural Disasters)
	- Loss of resources (Natural Disasters, Pest infestations)
	- Human rights violations
	- Terrorism
	- Overpopulation
	- Border conflics
	- Annexing neighboring cities and countries controlled by A.I. 
Add a leaderboard and/or competitive stats for the players
Add a mini globe in the corner that will allow players to easily move, or rotate the map

#### Changes to existing ones

Add new types of terrain to the map, and if necessary, change existing terrain.
	- Alternatively, add a way to randomize terrain between all the islands
Instead of a set number of turns, have the game choose a random number between a set minimum and a set maximum.

### General advice

## Contributors

### Polistates team Spring 2020
Bobby Ludwick

Griffin Bortnick

Sean Larson

Ian Davis

Manny Quinnones

Commit message:

Added information about hexagonal grid to ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Polistates
Polistates is a strategy game being developed as part of our Drew University Computer Science capstone project
 for Spring of 2020. Our client is a professor in the Political Science department, as the game will be used to reinforce International Relations concepts.

## Continuing this project
This project is intended to be worked on by multiple teams over the course of multiple semesters as this project is too ambitous to be finished in 3 months while the team is taking other classes. Detailed below is setup intructions and advice for future teams working on this project.

### Workspace Setup

Clone this repository

then execute the command

node app.js

The page should be running on localhost:3000

This project is optomized for Heroku if you want to put it on the internet

### What we accomplished

### Suggestions for the next team

#### New Features

Add additional scenarios (Below are some possible examples)
	- Climate Change (Natural Disasters)
	- Loss of resources (Natural Disasters, Pest infestations)
	- Human rights violations
	- Terrorism
	- Overpopulation
	- Border conflics
	- Annexing neighboring cities and countries controlled by A.I. 
Add a leaderboard and/or competitive stats for the players
Add a mini globe in the corner that will allow players to easily move, or rotate the map

#### Changes to existing ones

Set up transparent and interactice hexagonal grid.
	- Can find code for it online, just need to figure out the implementation aspect.
Add new types of terrain to the map, and if necessary, change existing terrain.
	- Alternatively, add a way to randomize terrain between all the islands
Instead of a set number of turns, have the game choose a random number between a set minimum and a set maximum.

### General advice

## Contributors

### Polistates team Spring 2020
Bobby Ludwick

Griffin Bortnick

Sean Larson

Ian Davis

Manny Quinnones
